I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Holiday in the Sun
It is the first morning
of Peppa and her family's holiday in Italy.
Ah! Holiday!
Daddy Pig is up, bright and early.
I'll just go for a little walk.
Ah!
Good morning, Mr. Pig.
I see you have found the swimming pool.
This is Signor Goat.
It is his job to look after the holiday house.
Daddy fell into water.
It's not funny.
It is quite funny, Daddy.
Ho! Ho!
I suppose it is a bit funny.
This is my daughter.
Hello, I'm Gabriella Goat.
I'm Peppa Pig.
Tell us if you need anything at all.
We'd like to do some sightseeing.
The village is very pretty.
I'll show you.
OK.
I'll just change out of these wet clothes.
I don't look like a tourist, do I?
You look perfect.
Is everybody ready?
Yes, Daddy Pig.
Then let's go!
This is Gabriella's village.
Here is the shop of my untie.
Can I send a postcard?
Who is it for?
What a lovely relaxing holiday
we are having.
Oh dear! It's the police.
Leave the talking to me.
Hello, officer. I don't know what I did,
but I won't do it again.
Mr. Pig, your teddy.
Teddy!
Thank you.
Just doing my job. (意大利语)
Peppa and her family have arrived back
at their holiday house.
Time for bed.
Can we ring Goodie the fish, Mummy?
OK.
I do hope we are feeding Goodie enough.
Hello?
Hello, Grandpa. Is Goodie all right?
Goodie is fine.
I sent her a postcard today.
Has it arrived?
Ho! Ho! Not yet!
But I'm sure it will get here soon.
Ah. Night-night Grandpa.
Night-night Peppa.
Ah.
Peppa and George are fast asleep
in their holiday house.